Updated node roles in docs (#49360)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

Reviewer: We ought to add an entry for `node-role.kubernetes.io/*` (as well as the specific control plane role).

Author: okay..got it..entry for specific control plane role already exists. So, I'll add a separate entry for `node-role.kubernetes.io/*`. I hope that's okay

Reviewer: That sounds good.

Author: I have added an entry for `node-role.kubernetes.io/*` label. I am not sure if same needs to be done for taint as well. I'll add it if required.

If this label is set, the [EndpointSlice controller](/docs/concepts/services-networking/topology-aware-routing/#implementation-control-plane)
ignores that node while calculating Topology Aware Hints.

### node-role.kubernetes.io/*

Type: Label

> Example: `node-role.kubernetes.io/*: *`

Reviewer: Use a valid label value, such as:
```suggestion
Example: `node-role.kubernetes.io/worker: worker`
```

Used on: Node

> This label is applied to a node when we want to register a custom node role. 
> Here `*` can be any node role that satisfies the [syntax](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#syntax-and-character-set) rules for labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This optional label is applied to a node when you want to mark a node role. 
The node role (text following `/` in the label key) can be string, so long as the overall key follows the
[syntax](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#syntax-and-character-set) rules for
object labels.

Kubernetes defines one specific node role, **control-plane**. A label you can to mark that node
role is [`node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane`](#node-role-kubernetes-io-control-plane).
```
